Okay, so I want to make a command-line app that allows me to keep track of my thoughts about albums, songs, artists, and quickly see them listed in a variety of different formats.

So I want to be able to specify a song, and if it is in the database, add a note to it. 

Let's call it the app "pazz" for the time being.

Here are some example usages:

pazz note "Absolutely Bill's Mood" moody, dramatic, another classic on TMBG's eponymous album. Interesting rythmically. The back end of this album needs more love.

pazz note -overwrite "Absolutely Bill's Mood" moody, dramatic, another classic on TMBG's eponymous album. Interesting rythmically. The back end of this album needs more love.
pazz note -o "Absolutely Bill's Mood" moody, dramatic, another classic on TMBG's eponymous album. Interesting rythmically. The back end of this album needs more love.

So the possibilities for the above line are: the song is found, and the new note is printed.
       		     	     	   	     the song is not found, and it cannot be created. Error message, and you try again.
					     other errors.

commands:

note: add a note (can be artist, song, album)
song: shortcut for adding song. If already there, then append.
album: shortcut for adding album. If already there, then append.
artist: shortcut for adding artist. If already there, then append.
albums: lists all albums you have chosen. Can be short or verbose.
songs: lists all songs you have chosen. Can be short or verbose.
artists: lists all artists that you have chosen. Can be short or verbose.


Design decisions:

I'm going to use SQLite for all of the data. I'm using the HDBC
library to interface with the Haskell. This is going to be written
entirely in Haskell, and hopefully will be a good learning
experience. 

I'm also using the cmd-args library to handle the command-line
parsing, and documentation generation. 

I should also use Haddock probably, and see if I can't get this on
HackageDB.

Ok, so if I am using relational DB, then I don't need to worry about
the redundancy of having albums that know songs and
vice-versa. Furthermore, I don't have to worry about handling the
parsing manually. On the other hand, I do have to interface with the
database as opposed to just looking at plain text. I guess that isn't
a big problem, and I can always just output files as needed. 

I can also use Haskell's interact, and just do a function mapping
table, to really simplify the structure of the program. What else do I
want it to be able to do?

Oh, it should keep track of date added. Maybe, also think about
integration with iTunes. I should get it added to Homebrew when it is
finished too, cause that would be AWESOME! 
